hardware/cad/README.md, before:

# OpenCyclo Initiative — Hardware & CAD Specification

This directory holds the parametric scripts necessary for generating the fabrication-ready STEP and STL files for the Cyclo-Vortex Open-Source Planetary Bioreactor.

## Available CAD Generation Scripts

We are using a code-to-cad modeling approach (via `cadquery`). This solves OQ-1 dimensional gaps by supplying parameterized geometries that can adapt based on final volumetric requirements.

1. `CV_SMU1000_Master.py`: Master assembly grouping extrusion frames.
2. `01_Polycarbonate_Vessel.py`: UV-stabilized Extruded Polycarbonate cylinder (1000L).
3. `02_Hydro_Base_60deg.py`: Cyclone base cone in 316L SS with strictly calculated tangent inlets to resolve vortex cavitation issues.
4. `03_Top_Manifold.py`: Top manifold CNC porting. (Re: OQ-6 Material decision — we have settled on Delrin (POM-C) for superior machinability and thread retention compared to HDPE).
5. `04_Hydrocyclone_Harvester.py`: 100mm Rietema-proportioned SLA extraction cyclone.

### Generating the Output Files
Before machining or creating OpenFOAM `snappyHexMeshDict` stl bounds, install cadquery:

```bash
pip install cadquery
```

Run each python script directly to generate the `.step` or `.stl` file:
```bash
python 02_Hydro_Base_60deg.py
```

## Bill of Materials
Refer to `BOM.csv` in this directory for quantities and part numbers.
The materials chosen satisfy CERN-OHL-S fabrication readiness.

### Notice to Fabricators:
All dimensions generated by the Python scripts are strictly mapped to mathematical bounds that enable correct mass-transfer parameters. **Do NOT arbitrarily alter the tangent angle on the 02 Hydro Base.** That geometry defines the Rankine Vortex angular velocity.

Commit message:

docs(hardware): Update CAD README for FreeCAD users

hardware/cad/README.md, after:

# OpenCyclo Initiative — Hardware & CAD Specification

This directory holds the parametric scripts necessary for generating the fabrication-ready STEP and STL files for the Cyclo-Vortex Open-Source Planetary Bioreactor.

## Available CAD Generation Scripts

We are using a code-to-cad modeling approach (via `cadquery`). This solves OQ-1 dimensional gaps by supplying parameterized geometries that can adapt based on final volumetric requirements.

1. `CV_SMU1000_Master.py`: Master assembly grouping extrusion frames.
2. `01_Polycarbonate_Vessel.py`: UV-stabilized Extruded Polycarbonate cylinder (1000L).
3. `02_Hydro_Base_60deg.py`: Cyclone base cone in 316L SS with strictly calculated tangent inlets to resolve vortex cavitation issues.
4. `03_Top_Manifold.py`: Top manifold CNC porting. (Re: OQ-6 Material decision — we have settled on Delrin (POM-C) for superior machinability and thread retention compared to HDPE).
5. `04_Hydrocyclone_Harvester.py`: 100mm Rietema-proportioned SLA extraction cyclone.

### Accessing the Files (FreeCAD)
The generated `.step` and `.stl` files are already tracked in the repository and are placed directly in `hardware/cad/`. You only need to clone the repository and open the files directly using **FreeCAD**, SolidWorks, or Fusion360. You do NOT need to regenerate them unless you are adjusting the core geometry parameters.

### Modifying the Source Files
Before adjusting the `cadquery` python scripts dynamically, install cadquery:

```bash
pip install cadquery
```

Run each python script directly to generate the `.step` or `.stl` file:
```bash
python 02_Hydro_Base_60deg.py
```

## Bill of Materials
Refer to `BOM.csv` in this directory for quantities and part numbers.
The materials chosen satisfy CERN-OHL-S fabrication readiness.

### Notice to Fabricators:
All dimensions generated by the Python scripts are strictly mapped to mathematical bounds that enable correct mass-transfer parameters. **Do NOT arbitrarily alter the tangent angle on the 02 Hydro Base.** That geometry defines the Rankine Vortex angular velocity.
